Exercise 1
3)
Q)Click on the "About" link in the navigation bar.  What code in the application just got executed?
Hint: Look at the address bar in the browser.
A) The Home view and About action is activated when the "about" link is selected.

5) 
Q)In the address bar of the browser, add /home/about to the end of the URL (after the port number) and hit enter.
Explain the process the MVC framework takes to result in the page displayed.  How does the MVC framework know what to display based upon the URL it receives?

A)The framework looks under the Home view and finds the About action and displays the data it contains.

Exercise 2
1) 
Q)What part of the Home controller generates the "About" page?
A)The About.cshtml action is called by the About() function when it calls to the view function. 
It then looks for and displays the information in the viewbag and the About action 

2) 
Q)What data is being generated by the controller to be displayed in the page?
A)The viewbag contains a message to be displayed on the about page which is transferred to the about action. 

3)
Q)Where is the view that the controller invokes to display the page?
A)The function that gets called is one of the generated functions from microsoft's MVC structure. 
It looks for the views folder and calls the appropriate view and corrosponding action. This one looks for 

4)
Q)Describe the folder hierarchy convention that allows the MVC framework to find the correct view.
A)The main project has Controller, Model, and View folders which contain:
Controller:
-HomeController.cs which has functions for each home view action
	-Index
	-About
	-Contact 
Model:
-currently empty. 
View: 
-Home Folder
	-Actions

5)
Q)Find the place in the view where the data generated by the controller is displayed. 
This is a simple example of the Razor syntax for adding C# logic to a view.
A) This is in the 

Exercise 3
3)
Q)Go to the address bar and enter Person after the port number in the URL.  Hit enter.  
What do you see?  Why?
A) There is an error displayed. There is no view 'index' because it has not been created in the view folder yet. 
The system doesn't know what it should display. 

5)
Q) Repeat steps 2 and 3.  What do you see now?
A) I added a person folder and an index.cshtml under the views folder and it now displays the Person page.

7)
Q) Add "person" data to the ViewBag in your new controller. 
Add the display of the new "person" data to the view that you created.
Repeat steps 2 and 3.  What do you see now?
A) The person page now displays the information from the viewbag.
